---
title: "Burps! \U0001F92E"
published: true
---
##### I hope by the time I write this, you havent already read my letter.... cause that would be really bad.

Now the reason I took so long to write this article (as you can see, I am preparing for the worst) is because soft drinks aren't very easy to come by on this island. And because Mom said I should do this accurately! No describing how loud it was compared to something else. We, as the 6 million dollar man's doctor said, HAVE THE TECHNOLOGY! So, I went and donloaded the first decibel meter I could find. Sure, Its probably not the most accurate, but... it's as good as I can get right now. Now I have I have to find a strong drink. Sure, I have **Vitamalt**, and **Triple B**, Which are both called vitmalt.... I wonder how that happened. 

Well, I managed to pick up a **La Croix**, because my mom didn't want it, and thats actually the one I am drinking right now. What I figure is, if I inhale alot of air while I drink, I should be able with the already carbonated drink to force more air out, and with a little exaggeration, I should be able to get a sufficiently loud burp!

By the way, what is your favorite drink...wait... I think it is sprite right?
 
A few minutes into my experiment, I realized that this burp might be a dud... One of those small ones, that come out, but really wanna stay in... not really worth counting. 

I was right... it only measured in at 75 decibels. ***Man.*** I have to find a fizzy drink with more strength. Ill make sure I update this later. That was probably the most pathetic burp I have ever had in my life.
